# hello-world
I am soneone that, if you asked anyone that knew me while groing up, I was going to be a failure.  My father never taught me anything knowing I was a waste of time.  My mother showed love to everyoing else but me.  I know I was not deserving of her love.  My brothers and sisters knew they were better than me and I would cause shame.  I was destined to fail and become nothing.

My father was unavailable for a relation ship.  He was distant.  He was distant in many ways. He was distant before he moved away.  First, when I was 6 years old,  He moved away with the need to be a provider.  We were living in Ensenada and he needed to migrate to the states in ordere to maintain a more stady job that paid dollars.  He would come to visit everyother weekend.  Distance was still esistance when he was home.  I could hear his voice and his voice would give me comfort to know that he was home.  Very seldom he would direct his voice toward me.  If ever it was for me to do something. Or to yell at me because I did it wrong, I broke something or I spilled something.  A distant father is not a dad.

Mom? I don't have many memories of her.  She was always sad while I was growing up.  I remember her washing, cleaning, cooking, scolding somebody until, she moved away.  My father tooke her to the states with a plan to keep her there.  She did not know my dad already had a job for her.  She thought it was a summer break from her stressful life in Ensenada.  She was distant as well.  I guess the distance was the product of having so many children.  She only had time for the two babies, girl and boy.  And those old enought to call her attention, well, they would get time with her as well.  I was number 7 of nine children.  I was growing up with the nosion that my litle brother and sister deserved more love then me because they were smaller.  My older sibilings they deserved more love because they were smarter and bigger.  I never questined that because I made it up.  That was my explanation and that was the only thing that made sence.
